dropboxQt is C++11/Qt adaptation of Dropbox v2 API. Underneath is simple web API built on HTTP, OAuth 2.0, and JSON.

Code Example

//get user account info
using namespace dropboxQt;
DropboxAuthInfo ai;
ai.readFromFile(tokenFile);
DropboxClient c(ai.getAccessToken());
try{
    users::FullAccount accountInfo = c.getUsers()->getCurrentAccount();
}
catch(DropboxException& e){
    std::cout << "Exception: " << e.what() << " " << e.code() << std::endl;
}


//authorize and get access token
using namespace dropboxQt;
DropboxAppInfo ai;
ai.readFromFile(fileName);
try{
   QString url = DropboxWebAuth::getCodeAuthorizeUrl(appInfo);
   //navigate to url and authorize access at the Dropbox web page
   //get auth_code from redirected page, generated by Dropbox
   DropboxWebAuth::AuthFinish res = DropboxWebAuth::getTokenFromCode(appInfo, QString::fromStdString(auth_code));
   const DropboxAuthInfo& authInfo = res.getAuthInfo();
   authInfo.storeToFile(tokenFile);
}
catch(DropboxException& e){
   std::cout << "Exception: " << e.what() << " " << e.code() << std::endl;
}


Requirement.
Qt 5.xx and C++11 compiler. The used C++11 features are limited to lambdas & smart pointers so C++11 implementation available in VC2010 compiler should be sufficient, also modern GCC 5.xx and clang that comes with XCode 6.xx should be ok.

Installation
Run qmake in 'prj' folder to generate Makefile, compile, see generated static library dropboxQt
To create sample project, cd in 'examples' and run qmake for each subfolder. There is shell script to open IDE
on windows and generate project files - see folder 'bin' and win-configure-open-ide.bat
You have to add dropboxQt to your LIB list (as shown in sample) and add path to cprj/src to the INCLUDE list.

Current status
Work in progress (pre alpha version) - use it as reference at your discretion.
Code base is not tested and not stable. First alpha expected in couple weeks along with more samples.


Features
- connect to Dropbox using Api v2.
- request OAuth2 token
- functions & classes to work with API from files, team, user namespaces.

License
 LGPL v3

